CNV#40859: replacing runbooks assembly with github links (#78394)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/monitoring/virt-runbooks.adoc

toc::[]

:!virt-runbooks:

> Runbooks for the {VirtProductName} Operator are maintained in the link:https://github.com/openshift/runbooks/tree/master/alerts/openshift-virtualization-operator[openshift/runbooks] Git repository and can be viewed on GitHub. You can use the procedures in these runbooks to diagnose and resolve issues that trigger {VirtProductName} xref:../../observability/monitoring/managing-alerts.adoc#managing-alerts[alerts].

Author: Leaving the first part as-is because "The Git repository maintains the runbooks" sounds like the git repository itself is maintaining the runbooks (if only!). 😹

I might take the second part of your suggestion and try to work in "You can view..." 
Thanks!

> {VirtProductName} alerts are displayed in the *Virtualization* -> *Overview* tab in the web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Virtualization* -> *Overview* tab in the web console displays the following {VirtProductName} alerts:
```

Author: Leaving as-is for now.

// IMPORTANT: these IDs are meant to exactly mirror the original module IDs //
// changing them will break links in the actual alerts //

> [id="virt-runbook-CDIDataImportCronOutdated"]

Reviewer: @ousleyp **Global comment for all Level 1 or lower subsections in an assembly**: Suggest adding a _{context} variable to the end of anchor IDs.

As par RH SSG, for any Level 1 or lower subsections in an assembly (for example, ==, ===, etc.), add a _{context} variable to the end of anchor IDs:

Example anchor ID for a Level 1 heading (subsection) of an assembly file
[id="editing-alerts_{context}"]
== Editing alerts

Author: I don't think I can do that in this case, because the anchors need to match the pre-existing anchors exactly. I don't think there will be a problem with these being reused somewhere else due to their nature. However, they all start with "virt-runbook-," so it's _almost_ like they have the context statement as part of the ID. :)

Author: It _is_ odd that there wasn't `_{context}` in the module anchors in any of the deleted modules... except I just found that it's in the IDs in 4.12.
